I
my name is Pamela chow i am the founder
and also
adorn calm the pet fashion accessory
back in two thousand four today I'm
making my very first video showing you
how to make sure your dog um why do we
need to make sure the dog is because
there are so many vendors out there each
vendor they do have their own sizing
chart so one then this size small can be
end up with and not one another vendor
size extra small or even size medium to
another vendor to measure your dog you
need to have four things a pen piece of
paper for you to write down the
measurement and measuring tape one last
thing the most important thing is your
dog our doggie model her name is Bell
she was named after Beauty and the Beast
yes she says she to the Bondi pounds
will be turning one year old in
September this year two thousand three
okay um there's three things when you
can make sure the neck the lens and the
curse I always suggest people when you
measure especially the cilindro part
connect for example
I highly recommend people put two
fingers in between the body and the
measuring tape so this way you get the
more accurate measure not too tight not
to lose okay so she has about 12 inches
neck and I'm from his neck down I have a
collar on as a reference for me to
determine how long the lens well be so
she's at a relaxing position and very
comfortable right now if I measure this
and she could be a 16 inches then but
when she's sitting up the measurement
shrink she began the 12 inches okay so
this is the critical part um how you
measure it if she's sitting up or laying
down relaxing position um right here the
girls again don't forget to put two
fingers in between he has about 17
inches curves I have had adorns the
central t sure she's been wearing it for
quite some time and this is size extra
small and this one runs 17 inches curse
and about less of slightly less than 12
inches length let's put it down through
and see how it looks okay um remember 20
when you buying a parallel clothing
whether it's on a story or from the
online always check with their size
reference don't just go by the slice in
yourself because it could be very
confusing and often times you might end
up with the wrong size and you have to
bring the back
return and exchange that can be such a
hassle okay slice extra small for bail
and you can tell how it fits on / the
brown side and the side view oh so the
back view that's sending a baby yes
okay and yeah and that's pretty much
about it it's very simple okay and if
you like my video please give me a
thumbs up and don't forget to subscribe
I do have more videos coming up showing
you how to make dog hat that matches the
outfit also the color and I even show
you how to make t-shirts from scratch
even from your own shirt for the
sweaters and one last thing I do show
you how to make costumes as well okay so
please check back on my block and don't
forget to wait in your comment I'll love
to hear from you alright thank you for
watching and i'm looking for to see you
soon bye now